There are many aspects to improving
as a programmer, as a developer.
One of the most powerful is
learning from others' good code.
And what's really terrific about working
inside of the JavaScript architecture
and the JavaScript community
is that there's a fantastic
treasure trove of good code out there for
you to learn from.
I like to call it an open
source education.
There are so many frameworks and libraries
that many thousands of people
use every day, even millions.
And it's open source software.
Meaning that you can just
open the source code.
The code of those frameworks and
libraries and read them.
One of the goals of this course thus, was
to give you an understanding of the more
advanced concepts in JavaScript so
that you can go off and read interesting
source code and learn from it, and not be
confused by what your seeing inside of it.
But this is one of those
things that you should do.
Don't be afraid to open what at first
could feel like intimidating source code.
You can learn from these
famous frameworks and
libraries like AngularJS,
jQuery, and others.
So, where can you find all this goodness?
Well, on the internet of course.
GitHub, GitHub.com is not only
a great place to store your code,
but it's also a great place to learn.
To read source code.
For example I can go to Explore.
And then See all.
And I can go to
Front-end JavaScript frameworks.
And explore things like angular,
backbone, ember, knockout, react.
Famous libraries that people are using.
And I can go right into them and
read their code,
usually in an src folder, for source.
Or I can to the website for that
library or framework, like jQuery.com.
And when I go to Download jQuery,
it will usually give me a option for
either the compressed production version
or the uncompressed development version.
The uncompressed development version is
the one that has all the comments and
you can read the code cleanly and easily.
So you can download that one and
look at it.
Or often time there's a link
to the source code on GitHub.
jQuery has one and
again there's an src folder.
And I can go in and
read some of their code.
I don't know what you might be
thinking but it sounds about as fun as
reading the encyclopedia,
but it is a good education.
You don't have to do it for hours and
hours, but find an element of the library
or framework that you find interesting.
Find something down in
its core that's useful.
Look at its structure.
And see what you can learn and imitate.
This is a really good way to
learn advanced patterns and
concepts in JavaScript.
So I encourage you to make
a practice of occasionally taking
a quick look at the source code of the
framework or library that you're using.
We're going to practice this
right now by taking a deep dive
into the source code of jQuery.